# Sched1PlantsAlwaysGrowMod

A simple Harmony mod for Schedule I that makes plants grow even after 4AM.
Compatible with IL2CPP and Mono versions (main and alternate branches) of Schedule I.
Compatible with WagesApp mod on Nexus Mods.


## Build Prerequisites:
* For IL2CPP (main) version: Check out main branch of Schedule I. Install MelonLoader for Schedule I and run the game at least once to generate assemblies in the game's "MelonLoader" directory.
* For Mono (alternate) version: Check out alternate branch of Schedule I.


## Build instructions:
1. Clone repo. Create directories "il2cpp_libs" and "mono_libs" inside PlantsAlwaysGrow directory.
2. Open solution in Visual Studio (I used v2022). Load PlantsAlwaysGrow.csproj for the IL2CPP version, and PlantsAlwaysGrowMono.csproj for the Mono version.
3. Install recommended NuGet packages (Project>Manage NuGet Packages).
4. For each missing dependency, copy required libraries to the respective *_libs directories.
	* For the IL2CPP libraries, copy DLLs from Schedule I's "MelonLoader/Il2CppAssemblies" directory to the il2cpp_libs directory.
	* For the Mono libraries, copy DLLs from Schedule I's "Schedule I_data/Managed" directory to the mono_libs directory.
	* Note: You must switch to the main branch for IL2CPP libraries to be generated by MelonLoader, and you must switch to the alternate branch for Mono libraries to be populated.
5. Build desired project(s). Project output will be in bin directory.


## Install instructions:
	* Manual: Copy PlantsAlwaysGrow.dll/PlantsAlwaysGrowMono.dll from project bin/Debug/net6 directory to Schedule I's mods directory.
	* Vortex: Open Vortex, select game and click on "Mods" tab. Click "Install From File" button and navigate to appropriate dll. Vortex mod coming soon.

